Fix Readme.md (#171)
4DNucleome/PartSeg: Readme.md

    -   [Linux](https://4dnucleome.cent.uw.edu.pl/PartSeg/Downloads/PartSeg-lastest-linux.zip) (build on Ubuntu 18.04)
    -   [MacOS](https://4dnucleome.cent.uw.edu.pl/PartSeg/Downloads/PartSeg-lastest-macos.zip) (build on MacOS Mojave)

> -   With pip (requires `numpy` and `cython` on Linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   With pip:
```

    -   From pypi: `pip install PartSeg[pyqt]`
    -   From repository: `pip install git+https://github.com/4DNucleome/PartSeg.git`

## Running

> If you downloaded binaries, run the `PartSeg_exec` file inside the `PartSeg` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you downloaded binaries, run the `PartSeg` (or `PartSeg.exe` for Windows) file inside the `PartSeg` folder
```
